wwibliyw denaturalised


person 1:

very peaceful.


person 2:

well I guess I would be, how I would be, as if it were. 



person 3:

oh! Dark probably...and empty. If I weren't? I always associate that sort of idea with being in a coffin so, that's very much being somewhere. I don't know. Probably quite relaxing and not as stressful as if I were. 
Candle blowing out sort of thing; I don't know, maybe I'd smoke a bit. 


person 4:

If I wasn't alive? Is that what i means?
I know I'd be in heaven, and I would be with Robert and with Robert's mom and dad, and my own mom and dad, and with all my uncles and aunts. I'd be very happy. I think I would get a sence of fullfillment. 


person 5:

Obviously, this is an impossible question. I can only think of it in the context of never having BEEN- rather than WEREN'T. Maybe ceasing to be, but that is because my concept of being is in parallel to being alive, which starts with birth and ends with death.
So, I can only of not being in context of having never been or ceasing to be; that is how I am interpreting it as I don't know how it would be if I weren't. 

I guess also if I am construing it that way, as what would it be if I'd never BEEN or if I ceased to be, then I can only think of that in the context of other people and other peoples' reactions. 

I don't know what it would be like for me, if I weren't, because I wouldn't be and it wouldn't be anything for me.


person 6:

I don't think there would be a comparative would there? That was something that I used to think about when I was a child, as well as trying to imagine the absence of anything. 
You need presence, not absence, surely. If you were not, how would you have a qualitative feel? How would you even understand that absence in your own absence? 
Surely, there would be no qualitative feel or sentience. So, what would it be like? There would be no like, if I was not. 
If I was not, I just wouldn't. 
That's it.


person 7:

That is my queue. (in response to a knock on the door in background).



person 8:

Up until 26 years ago, everything would be exactly the same. Since that point, for 99.9% and a couple of more places of the world, life would be exactly the same. 
For a few people very close to me, like my mom and dad... they might have just had another kid shortly afterwards. I don't know if life would be very different for them either. That is the traditional way of looking at it but if you take a modest view of it, which I do, if I weren't there would be nothing. 
All of this, is made by me. The nature of substance and matter is nonsensical and paradoxical....and mixed up and part of everything else that the only thing that makes things into things, all the delineation, comes from me in the first place.
So if I weren't, there would be nothing. 



person 9:

Oh! Well I am! 
That's almost (unintelligible).
I think therefore I am!

person 10:
Like what? I don't think you're being very specific here, as you haven't finished the question! If I weren't? I can't conceive of that because I am, at least something!
I do have a strong idea, but it's a personal experience and I think it is pointless to describe it because by attempting to do so, it would just defeat the point. 
That's all I can say.



person 11:

What would it be like if I weren't?
What would it be like if I weren't?

I have no idea.
It reminds me of that film with dustin hoffman, and the other lady. There's a question in it and it's: How am I not myself?
It reminds me of that. What was the question again? What would it be like if I weren't? I have no idea! No idea. 





